Okay, have an opinion?
Congratulations.
Here we come.
Here comes the lady
You see, Cher is getting more and more beautiful.
Hahaha, the eighteenth year has changed.
Hello
What is your waiter doing here?
Salsa
Here he is.
Are you dead?
Sister, go and have a look.
No money, this is your son-in-law?
Yes my son-in-law
You also said that you have these eyes in front of you?
Worse
Either you say it's your son-in-law
I thought the waiter was here
This lady
You look ruddy
In fact, it is the effect of makeup
In fact, you look yellow
How do you know that?
Of course I know.
I also know that you have a bad spleen and stomach
Very powerful.
Exactly what you said.
You know 1.
But it has been bothering me for three years.
See if you can help me.
Oops, busy.
But what you just said
Make my mother-in-law very unhappy.